updates based on feedback (#3350)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/cli-using-team-managing-credential-security.md

    ```
    A configuration file is created, if one does not already exist.
    
    Additionally, the `profiles.base.properties.user` and `profiles.base.properties.password` fields are added to the base profile `secure` array for that configuration file. Zowe CLI stores the username and password in the [secure credential store](../appendix/zowe-glossary#secure-credential-store).

> 3. If needed, add other fields to the secure array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) Add other fields to the secure array.
```
